**Christmas Light Music Hack!**

The goal of this project is to be able to apply past robotic with current coding. This is helpful to
help expand my knowedge as well as make a really cool decorative program! We will be hacking 
Christmas lights in this project in order to make it react to noise. But in order to do this, we 
must ask the question what is noise? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_0DXxNeaQ0 , https://
www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ALKGR0I5MA (watch this video with tinyurl.com/scipy15dsp )

Noise is a vibration in which our coachella viibrates hairs and fluid in a long tube for our brain
to exame, but that isn't the important part of what you have learn today. I found a recource using
numpy in order to take noisy data and make conditionals out of frequencies. Just what we needed!
https://www.pythonforengineers.com/audio-and-digital-signal-processingdsp-in-python/
the above is the book, while the bottom is the example code we will be using.
https://github.com/shantnu/PyEng/blob/master/audio/get_freq.py

Shopping List:
-Microphone Sound Sensor Module High Sensitivity Voice Detection Sensor
-Audrino Uno rev3
-christmas lights check out https://mods-n-hacks.gadgethacks.com/how-to/
hack-christmas-lights-for-custom-holiday-lighting-patterns-0122784/ and more for selection. We will 
be using ones specifically with color cordination or with id's for each light buld like the link 
provides
-Look up more things such as extra wires, and computer chip wiring

TODO:
skateboard: Use python to understand sound. When sound can is accepted the skateboard is complete. 
The sound can come from a music file for now, but will later it will be required that the sound 
come from an external source, and the input is being taken from a microphone.

Bike: The program now uses certaint frequencies to preform certain tasks. The 
bike is complete when you can make conditionals based off of sound, and can accept input from a    
microphone. All parts needed are bought and ready for soddering.

Car: Program is downloaded onto our robots brain! Lights are connected to audrino and other 
robotics parts and flash whenever it hears a sound. Conditionals should make it so that it only 
flashes to certaint frequencies and how loud the sound is. 

Stretch Limo: The lights flash different colors depended on the frequency, colors are brighter when 
the sound is louder and dimmer when the sound is quiet. The robotics can be easily accessed and 
should lie in a safe and tiny compartment as for solid and easy transportation. (as well as saftey)